added new topics (#2439)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/containerized-steps/run-step.md

* **GCR:** Input the FQN of the artifact you want to use. Images in repos must reference a path starting with the project ID that the artifact is in, for example: `us.gcr.io/playground-243019/quickstart-image:latest`.

   <figure>

  ![picture 0](static/659f371c3e8d30d831642c9fef9dbf652dca4c5fd050f0dc68b128f0b04101d9.png)  

  <figcaption>Figure 1: Configuring GCR Container Registry and Image settings.</figcaption>
  </figure>

## Shell and Command

Use **Shell** and **Command** to define the commands that you need to run in this step.

For **Shell**, select the shell script type. Options include: **Bash**, **PowerShell**, **Pwsh**, **Sh**, and **Python**. If the step includes commands that aren't supported for the selected shell type, the step fails. 

The binaries required by the script must be available on the infrastructure running the step or the image specified in **Container Registry** and **Image**.

In **Command**, enter [POSIX](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/POSIX) shell script commands for this step. The commands are executed inside the container.

:::tip

> You can reference services started in CD [Background steps](/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/containerized-steps/background-step.md) by using the Background step's **Id** in your Run step's **Command**. For example, a cURL command could call `BACKGROUND_STEP_ID:5000` where it might otherwise call `localhost:5000`.
> 
> <figure>
> 
> ![picture 0](static/1d52c641a8b442054d83fc2b8bacc1917371f53c7100a0fcf0a7b6666342ce2e.png)
> 
> <figcaption>Figure 2: The Background step Id, <code>pythonscript</code>, is used in a cURL command in a Run step.</figcaption>
> </figure>
> 
> If the Background step is inside a step group, you must include step group Id, such as `curl STEP_GROUP_ID_BACKGROUND_STEP_ID:5000`, even if both steps are in the same step group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can reference services started in CD [Background steps](/docs/continuous-delivery/x-platform-cd-features/cd-steps/containerized-steps/background-step.md) by using the Background step's **Id** in your Run step's **Command**. For example, a cURL command could call `STEPGROUPID_BACKGROUNDSTEPID:5000` where it might otherwise call `localhost:5000`.

<figure>

![picture 0](static/1d52c641a8b442054d83fc2b8bacc1917371f53c7100a0fcf0a7b6666342ce2e.png)

<figcaption>Figure 2: The Background step Id, <code>pythonscript</code>, is used in a cURL command in a Run step.</figcaption>
</figure>

You must include step group Id, such as `curl STEPGROUPID_BACKGROUNDSTEPID:5000`, even if both steps are in the same step group.
```

Same suggestion as on the background step topic.

*  On the **Output** tab of the step where the output variable originates.
*  In the step logs for any later steps that reference that variable.

For information about best practices for using secrets in pipelines, go to the [Secrets documentation](/docs/category/secrets).

:::

### Create an output variable

To create an output variable, do the following in the step where the output variable originates:

1. In **Command**, export the output variable. For example, the following command exports a variable called `myVar` with a value of `varValue`:

   ```
   export myVar=varValue
   ```

2. In the same step's **Output Variables**, declare the variable name, such as `myVar`.

### Reference an output variable

To reference an output variable in a later step or stage in the same pipeline, use a variable [expression](/docs/platform/references/runtime-inputs/#expressions) that includes the originating step's Id and the variable's name.

Use either of the following expressions to reference an output variable in another step in the same stage:

```
<+steps.STEP_ID.output.outputVariables.VAR_NAME>
<+execution.steps.STEP_ID.output.outputVariables.VAR_NAME>

> ```

Reviewer: I would check if you might need to include the step group ID? I'm not sure.

Author: good catch. thanks
